{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 STIXGeneral-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22720\viewh14600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Taylor Bruce\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Reflection on Meowdersldes\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	\ulnone I did not accomplish my goal of using buttons for the answer choices in my game. I feel like that was the main feedback that I received on the coding portion that I could potentially fix, and I constantly mentioned wanting to fix it. I\'92m sorry for letting everyone down. The same with the restart button. It works better and disables the route options are un clickable after. With all the things I didn\'92t do out of the Way, some suggestions I liked were including audio for the left and write answer keys specifically. The reason that was my favorite was because the audio of a cat purring originally only went through one side of my headphones, which gave me the idea to use directional audio, which is another thing I haven\'92t done before. Even though this is a project that can make or break my grade (which is scaring me as I type this), I really enjoy the opportunity to experiment and ultimately mess up, a lot, including all the stress that comes with the feeling of messing up and disappointing people. I feel like I make games mainly for myself, in the sense that the theme and things that are interesting to me are incredibly different from most gamers. For example, I\'92d never put a screen shake in a game because for me they are overwhelming. Also I\'92m scared that if I give my self free reign with things like screen shake, I\'92m worried I\'92ll overdo the extra little details and break peoples experience. Another thing I did was I fixed the tiny issue that caused an error in question 19. It was a missing curly bracket, so now it is possible to choose the correct option.\
\
	On the art side of Meowderslides, I did a lot of tracing. In the future I hope I can do less of that, and possibly invest in getting a tablet. Personally, I think that may help with the problem of storage in my computer and let me use photoshop. That being said, I\'92m extremely proud of my tracing, Specifically the yellow drum button, and My favorite sprite that I didn\'92t trace was Jeffie on the win screen. Unfortunately, I know my game is missing animations and as interesting as that would be to add, the no photoshop thing may have screwed me over. \
	Overall, the art now has several different background layers and stages, with a Ui setup that I believe is legible.  Everything feels more cohesive and softer than the MCR font that was in my original mod.  At the same time, the background gives the viewer something more interesting to  look at than the original mod\'92s blank dark colored background.\
\
	I\'92m proud of it. Even though I didn\'92t 100% achieve what I wanted originally, I picked up some new tricks like audio editing. I also stayed true to my \'93quirky\'94 sense of humor, that defines everything I\'92ve done, thematically at least. I honestly love the theme of my game. Also to not get stressed about smaller things.  I\'92m trying to balance work in my classes, and I think that creatively, it\'92s hard to find time to do what I want to between writing essays and trying to have fun every once in a while. My time management could be a lot better and I\'92m going to hold myself more accountable in the future. \
\
	While the coding could have been better, I think that Meowderslides shines in it\'92s writing and art. Mainly because for me the source material exists in the world and I try to make puns based on people and brand names because I\'92m scared of copy right,  which leads to a making people smile or internally groan at the humor. The art in Meowderslides is also brightly colored, which is grand. I think the humor and bright colors work together to create a relaxing atmosphere that\'92s an escape, ironically enough, from stress. Furthermore it\'92s light hearted, and, for me, fast paced. It also introduces people to a thing I love with all the references in most cases that would be in your face confusing. It\'92s a way to talk.}